[TT-11598, DX-1191]guide users to extend official image with python (#4245)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/plugins/supported-languages/rich-plugins/python/python.md

### Install the Python development packages

{{< tabs_start >}}

{{< tab_start "Docker" >}}

> Starting from Tyk Gateway version `v5.3.0`, Python is no longer bundled with the official Tyk Gateway Docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

Starting from Tyk Gateway version `v5.3.0`, Python is no longer bundled with the official Tyk Gateway Docker image so you must extend the image to add support for Python plugins.
{{< /note >}}
```

> However, Tyk Gateway continues to support Python plugins functionality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you wish to use Python plugins using docker, you can extend the official Tyk Gateway Docker image by adding Python to it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use Python plugins using Docker, you can extend the official Tyk Gateway Docker image by adding Python to it. 
```

> An example Dockerfile that extends official Tyk Gateway image and installs python and required modules is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Dockerfile extends the official Tyk Gateway image to support Python plugins by installing python and the required modules:
```

```
ARG BASE_IMAGE
FROM ${BASE_IMAGE}

# For Python plugins
RUN apt-get install -y python3-setuptools libpython3-dev python3-dev python3-grpcio

EXPOSE 8080 80 443

ENV PORT=8080

WORKDIR /opt/tyk-gateway/

ENTRYPOINT ["/opt/tyk-gateway/tyk" ]
CMD [ "--conf=/opt/tyk-gateway/tyk.conf" ]
```

> Run docker build using this Dockerfile, provide Tyk Gateway image that you would like to extend as build argument `BASE_IMAGE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this, you simply run `docker build` with this Dockerfile, providing the Tyk Gateway image that you would like to extend as build argument `BASE_IMAGE`.
```

> For eg., the following command would extend Tyk Gateway `v5.3.0` by installing Python and related dependencies for Python plugins and builds the image `tyk-gateway-python:v5.3.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, this command will extend Tyk Gateway `v5.3.0` to support Python plugins, generating the image `tyk-gateway-python:v5.3.0`:
```

`docker build --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=tykio/tyk-gateway:v5.3.0 -t tyk-gateway-python:v5.3.0 .`
{{< tab_end >}}

{{< tab_start "Ubuntu/Debian" >}}
```apt
apt install python3 python3-dev python3-pip build-essential
```

### Install the Required Python Modules

> Make sure that "pip" is now available in your system, it should be typically available as "pip", "pip3" or "pipX.X" (where X.X represents the Python version):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that "pip" is available in your system, it should be typically available as "pip", "pip3" or "pipX.X" (where X.X represents the Python version):
```
